The files in the various subdirectories are source code from the
book "An Introduction to Parallel Programming" by Peter Pacheco, 
Morgan Kaufmann Publishers.

COMPILING
---------
Most of the programs are self-contained and should compile by
themselves provided you make sure that the compiler can find the
appropriate header files (e.g., mpi.h, pthread.h, semaphore.h,
timer.h) and libraries.  Documentation at the beginning of each
program provides a sample command line for compilation on a typical
Linux or MacOS X system.

RUNNING
-------
The exact syntax for starting the programs may be system dependent.
See your local expert for details.  Any input needed by the program
can be determined from comments at the beginning of the source
file.

I/O
---
All of the longer applications only use process/thread 0 for I/O.
However, some short test programs (e.g., hello, world) print data
from processes or threads other than 0.  Also in many of the programs,
if a DEBUG macro is defined, the program may print data from more
than one process/thread.

License
-------
Copyright (c) 2011 Peter Pacheco and Morgan Kaufmann Publishers
Francisco. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

   - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
     with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

